[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
It's been said
that if you can manipulate
a person's blood,
you can manipulate the person.
Thankfully, this can be
done to excellent effect.
Medical renegade Harvey Bigelsen
has been looking at, analyzing,
and healing people by
getting to know their blood.
He was one of the first
in the United States
to utilize dark field microscopy
in his medical practice.
What the blood showed
him was nothing short
of a holographic representation
of the medical and even
emotional history of the person.
The field of live
blood analysis is now
crowded with practitioners
of every sort,
but Harvey says there's
a qualitative difference
between garden variety
analysis and the esoteric truth
behind the reality of what's
going on inside of us.
It took Harvey many years to
understand the story of blood,
which he documented in his
book, "Holographic Blood."
And Harvey's with us today.
Welcome, Harvey.
>>HARVEY BIGELSEN:
I'm glad to be here.
>>REGINA: It's good
to see you again.
We've already had a couple
interviews through the years
in the past.
But the nice thing is your
work continues to expand.
And for the people that
aren't familiar with it,
I want to go ahead and
go back to the beginning
of the story a bit.
Because you say there is
a fundamental platform
that has to be understood.
There was, I think
it was called,
"Divided Legacy," a book
written called "Divided Legacy,"
saying there were two basic
philosophies in healing.
And if you'll start
there, then we
can start moving
in through blood.
>>BIGELSEN: Basically,
it really goes back
to Hippocrates and Galen.
It goes back that far.
There are two
basic philosophies.
Number one, you look at the body
as a whole, working unit, that
may be working with
all its parts working.
Or the other way is something
is coming in and damaging
the body.
And these two competing
thoughts, philosophies,
have gone on for
centuries and centuries.
And that's brought us up to
the germ theory of disease,
which I have major
questions about.
>>REGINA: Yes, you do.
And in fact, you're
dealing in very avant-garde
areas of germs therapy, even.
People hear that and it's
like, ooh, "germ therapy."
And of course, here
we are, everywhere
you go you have this--
what is that disinfectant.
>>BIGELSEN: Oh, sanitizers.
>>REGINA: Sanitizers
for your hands, and ooh,
don't let the baby crawl on
the ground, and all that.
So let's talk about germs and
Louis Pasteur, what he brought,
and everything right to
the very-- on his death
bed, what he had
to say about it.
>>BIGELSEN: Well, first
of all, very interesting
is, number one, we are a bundle
of germs that have basically
organized over evolution
to create a body.
But basically, every
cell is a separate germ.
>>REGINA: We're a germ bag.
>>BIGELSEN: We're a germ bag.
Right.
So germs are not harmful.
The creator didn't make a
whole-- evolution, however
you want to look at it, didn't
make anything to beat you up.
Everything is made to be
in harmony with each other.
And that's what it is.
As evolution has gone on,
we've been in harmony.
As the Earth has changed, man
has changed and adapted to it.
Nature is not fighting us.
This is what goes on.
Now, Pasteur.
Coming back up to the
late 19th century,
Louis Pasteur becomes
very, very famous.
He comes up with the
germ theory of disease,
that germs cause disease.
His rival, Antoine
Bechamp, said no, germs
live in a diseased body.
Pasteur, though, his
whole concept really
explodes wide open
with Rockefeller,
who sponsors the germ
theory of disease.
>>REGINA: OK, let's talk about
that-- the political reasons
why Pasteur's theory
won out over Bechamp.
>>BIGELSEN: OK.
At the turn of the
century-- that's
a very interesting
philosophy on it.
At the turn the
century in history,
there were five different
types of health schools.
By the year 1910, Rockefeller
decides to spend his money
and back the chemical
industry, start
the pharmaceutical industry.
And all the other
schools, by 1947,
in the homeopathic schools--
Flower and Fifth Avenue
and Hahnemann
Homeopathic School--
they become medical schools.
All the other schools
lost their charter,
and everything becomes
medical schools.
>>REGINA: Well now, what were
the-- besides homeopathy--
which my understanding
is it was more than 40%
of the medical schools
were homeopathic up
to that time-- what were some of
the other modalities of schools
that were available?
>>BIGELSEN: There
was naturopathy.
There was a structural
type of school.
>>REGINA: Osteopathy?
>>BIGELSEN: Osteopathy, that
doesn't come on till later on.
>>REGINA: Till later, OK.
>>BIGELSEN: But still,
people were questioning that.
They were looking at that.
Why is this body not working?
Naturopathy was a big one.
There were a lot of herbal stuff
that was done at that time,
because that was man and nature.
>>REGINA: Sure.
OK.
So we had a plethora
of what now would
be called "alternative
medical schools."
But they were actually
primary medical schools.
Now you take and
synthesize nature's herbs,
turn them into
drugs, which is now
called primary, which should
be secondary for sure.
That should be the alternative.
So let's see what
happened politically then.
>>BIGELSEN: Well, first
of all, Rockefeller
decides-- he sponsored
the industry.
Now, Rockefeller
dies the age of 94
with never taking a drug in his
life, and homeopathic physician
attendants.
>>REGINA: And he
was a vegetarian.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes, and he was
a vegetarian all his life.
This it tells you a big story.
>>REGINA: This is money.
>>BIGELSEN: It's all
money, money, money.
That's the name of the game.
And what's going on now, it's
all the name of the game.
It's money, money, money.
It's pharmaceutical industry
controlling everything.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So if we go back
to that story, it
was convenient, then, for
them to adopt the germ theory,
because you can throw an
alternative pharmaceutical drug
at it.
>>BIGELSEN: If you
have the germ theory,
you can have the
magic bullet theory.
Plain and simple.
So we've developed
magic bullets.
Now the name of the
game is the name.
You go into the doctor,
they work you up over there.
They come up with
all these tests,
and they put a name on you.
They put a name on you.
You've got a disease name.
Now they can open
up a drawer and look
at what should be done
with that disease.
No.
There's no-- Regina Meredith
is the only person like her
in the universe.
She doesn't fit into a drawer.
It's as basic as that.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>BIGELSEN: It's that simple.
>>REGINA: Well, so
Pasteur, as I recall,
recanted on his deathbed
and said he was wrong.
Didn't change the nature of
what was going on politically
in the world of
medicine, though, did it?
>>BIGELSEN: No.
No, Pasteur definitely
recanted on it.
But Rockefeller--
it was the money
that overwhelmed everything.
Which is really what's
going on in society.
Money overwhelms everything.
And Rockefeller
just bought it out.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now, some people listening
to this might be thinking, yeah,
but our life spans
were only what, 45?
45 to 50, maybe 100 years ago.
And oftentimes, people would die
of an infection of some kind.
But that point is still--
that's still not the point.
The point is that person had
a terrain of unhealthy blood.
>>BIGELSEN: That's
exactly right.
It's unhealthy blood.
First of all, people talk about,
well, we're living longer.
Therefore, it must
be the system.
No.
This is just evolution
that we're living longer.
It has nothing to
do with the system.
The United States ranks 37th by
the World Health Organization
in longevity, which is
absolutely incredible.
We think we're so
great, but there
are countries in
Ethiopia and stuff
like that, Oman, that are
living much longer than us.
So it's just this
whole concept of taking
all of this medicine
and all these poisons
And you're taking
all of these poisons.
And that's really what they are.
Pick up a pharmaceutical label.
Try to read it.
See what it says in it.
Try to pronounce
the words sometimes
when you look at the
generics on it over there.
And this is all done with
what I call smoke and mirrors.
The bigger and
fancier it is, it's
got to be the best there is.
And to me, the
creation was simple.
Life is simple.
They purposely do this to
cloud you, to overwhelm.
You can't understand
these four-syllable words.
That's intentionally designed.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about this,
because you have a real bone--
I know that I've introduced you
before as an alternative
medical practitioner,
even though you're an MD.
And you say, no.
And you're saying
no for a purpose,
and I alluded to that earlier.
>>BIGELSEN: Well, "alternative"
means, basically, they're
primary and I'm secondary.
And I look at it the
other way around.
>>REGINA: Shouldn't
nature be primary?
>>BIGELSEN: Totally.
1,000%.
Number one--
they're alternative.
I look at myself as
primary, because I
take the whole package into it.
They're taking only
one aspect into it.
They're alternative.
I can integrate them.
They can't integrate me.
I don't throw out, necessarily,
the pharmaceuticals.
I don't throw out the
baby with the bathwater.
Sometimes it needs
to save your life,
like crisis medicine
and stuff like that.
But all this stuff to take
for Lyme disease and things.
Take this medicine for
the rest of your life.
You're hypertensive,
take this medicine
for the rest of your life.
An they give you these
foreign chemicals.
Watch out for the side effects.
Number one, there's no such
thing as a side effect.
I put something in
your mouth, you're
going to have a direct effect.
It's as basic as that.
They tell you, 3% of the
people who have heart attacks
take this.
You've got a 3% chance.
It's that simple on it.
But we're so snookered
by the industry.
We watch TV and you
hear the commercials.
And always in the prime
time, the commercials
with a beautiful girl
dancing through the forest.
And she's got this
horrendous illness.
But if she takes this,
she's doing so nice.
But side effects are
death, homicide, suicide.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And we're starting to- well,
we won't get into that.
That's a different
political discussion.
But we know the harmful
effects, side effects,
effects of this
psychologically as well as
physically in a
lot of these drugs.
OK.
So Bechamp was correct.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes.
>>REGINA: Disease happens
in a diseased body,
in a diseased terrain.
And let's talk about that.
I want to go into some--
we'll go into cancer
and the whole notion
of adaptations of molds
and viruses and bacterias,
one to another, and so forth.
But first of all, let's
just talk about blood.
What you started finding, and
when you started this field,
what led you to it.
And what you started
seeing as a story emerging
through people's blood.
>>BIGELSEN: Well, it
was a number of years
ago-- it had to probably
be about 25, 30 years ago
now-- that I was sponsored
by a private foundation
to go through Europe and
halfway around the world
to see what everyone
else is doing.
And we ended up
outside of Montreal,
a French Canadian physicist's
little laboratory.
And he had a microscope
that magnified 30,000 times.
We don't need to do that.
But I've never seen
anything like that,
that he built this thing.
And what he showed us,
he took a drop of blood.
We looked at it
under the microscope.
And right then and there,
the moment I put my hand
on the microscope, goosebumps
broke out all over my body.
Chills broke out.
There were things
moving in the blood
that there were no name
for in American literature.
I got so excited, it
just overwhelmed me.
Basic.
The blood is the
basis to everything.
That's the connection.
The basis to everything.
And yet there are
things living there
that have never been
seen by American doctors.
Americans, what they do
is you go to a doctor
and they do a blood test on you.
What they do is
they take the blood
and they stain it to look at it.
Now, that stain kills
anything it picks it up.
It fixes it from mortality.
So 10 years from now, they
can take out Regina's blood,
look at the slide.
>>REGINA: They're
also not looking
at living blood by then.
>>BIGELSEN: No.
They're missing the
forest for the trees.
When I saw the living blood
and saw those things moving--
And again, I'm only the
third doctor in US history
to look at the blood live.
I've discovered the same things
that the other two discovered
also.
How can you go to medical
school, or 100 years
of medicine, and no one has
looked at a drop of blood
and tell you what these little
things are that are moving?
They remind me of the moron that
lost a quarter on a dark night,
was looking two blocks
down the street,
because that's where
the street lamp is.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That's a good analogy.
And it's interesting, now,
we have a common fondness
for someone.
Back in the 1980s, I was running
around with a camera in Europe,
trying to find all
the avant-garde
physicists slash physicians.
And microscopy was part of it,
the Ergonom 400, which was big.
>>BIGELSEN: Oh,
Bernard Muschlein.
>>REGINA: Bernard Muschlein was
working with Kurt Olbrich, who
was the-- he was the
developer of the Ergonom.
But all they were trying
to do is recapture
what Rife had already done.
And of course,
Rife's microscopes
had reportedly been
destroyed or spirited away.
And they were
looking at that time,
about the time
you're talking about.
Bernard must have been one of
the very first in the world
to look at AIDS and cancer
cells and such under this field.
>>BIGELSEN: Bernard,
he was actually--
when I was sponsored by
the private foundation,
he was the first
one we went to see.
It was very interesting.
And at that time, he
didn't have a microscope.
But we were into the philosophy.
>>REGINA: So that
was even before.
>>BIGELSEN: That was
before he had a microscope.
Yes.
But he started to tell
us, OK, now from here,
you've got to go and look
at this type of thing.
He was into the
whole philosophy.
He sent us to laboratories,
he sent us to other people
so we can start to communicate.
>>REGINA: Well, and
what he was showing me--
because that was at the
time, the anemoscope,
they killed the inventor.
The government stole it.
Kurt's microscope, the Ergonom
400, was really all there was.
For all I know, it's still
being used in universities.
I know that they were able to--
>>BIGELSEN: I think it is.
>>REGINA: --license it.
But I was shocked when
I looked at these cells
at 30,000, 40,000 magnification.
And what I saw is the very thing
that you were talking about.
I didn't know you then, and no
one else was talking about it.
And that was watching
what many call a mutation,
but you say an adaptation.
>>BIGELSEN: Totally different.
>>REGINA: Cells that were
adapting from one form,
from a bacteria to
a mold to a virus,
or whatever order it was in.
So please explain some
of that, and what's
happening in our blood.
And this whole ability of
these other mechanisms,
these little organisms, to
adapt and become cancerous,
for example.
>>BIGELSEN: Well,
germs are constantly--
everything is always
adapting in society.
If I have a stagnant
pond, and I have
sterile water of a stagnant
pond, Give me a week or so,
and you'll start to see
things growing in there.
Where do they come from?
This was distilled,
sterile water.
And then they'll change.
First you'll see little
things moving around,
then you'll see
germs moving around.
And the more it sits there,
the germs become bigger
and they become fungi.
And this is a constant
change at the beginning.
And the same thing
happens to a human.
We're a bundle of germs.
And slowly, as we
get out of line,
bacteria will tend to grow.
That's the first term.
Eventually, chronic
disease will start
to come in, which
is fungal in nature.
>>REGINA: All chronic
disease is fungal in nature?
>>BIGELSEN: All chronic
disease is fungal in nature.
>>REGINA: OK.
And this includes cancers?
>>BIGELSEN: Cancer is a mold.
It's a fungus; it's mold.
>>REGINA: And you're not
the only person saying this,
by the way.
>>BIGELSEN: It's a mold.
When they gave women
hormonal therapy
for menopause and hormonal
therapy for hot flashes,
then they gave 'em
calcium for osteoporosis,
they skyrocketed breast
cancer because breast cancer
loves to-- the mold
for breast cancer loves
to feed on calcium in the bones.
>>REGINA: Ah.
The mold loves the calcium.
>>BIGELSEN: It
loves the calcium.
>>REGINA: And they paired them.
>>BIGELSEN: They
paired them together.
And that's what happened.
Breast cancer will metastasize
to 20 spots in the bones
first without ever going
to the lungs or the liver,
but it's never gone to
the intestines ever.
And what they say
is, cancer, what
happens, the way it spreads,
is one cell breaks off,
gets onto a capillary, and
spreads around, and sort of
implants itself
someplace randomly.
No.
Nature is not random.
That whole concept of
nature being random,
no, there's no such
thing as random things.
I can predict cancer
on patients just
by measuring the pHs
of their oxygen levels.
Because cancer, it's a mold.
A mold grows when
there's poor oxygen.
And the pH of the
blood, pH is alkaline.
When we're stressed out, now
the mold can start to grow.
>>REGINA: Now, you
can see here we
have about five different
avenues of conversation that
have just been opened up.
Let me start with one that
might be a little more obscure,
and then we'll go
into the more obvious.
Naturopaths also say that
the use of reishi mushrooms,
for example, in these
extracts from fungi,
are capable of helping
reduce the cancer
or eliminate the
cancer in the body.
So is this really going back to
the essence of like cures like?
Aren't we back into the
terrain of homeopathy?
>>BIGELSEN: Exactly right.
It's exactly what
the whole thing is.
Because those mushrooms,
they're fungi.
That's what mushrooms
are, and you're
treating like treats like
is very, very important.
>>REGINA: Now, how
does introducing fungi
into a diseased
terrain, say a terrain
that's lacking in
oxygen, for example,
how does that
start reversing it?
I don't understand
the mechanics of it.
>>BIGELSEN: Well
first of all, you've
got to start to reverse
it structurally.
All I can do is I can give you
remedies and stuff like that
to straighten out your pHs.
But if that
structure is blocked.
To me, the greatest
American physician,
who was the founder
of osteopathy,
who said "disease cannot
exist where there are no
obstructions."
If you've got an obstruction of
flow, you get a stagnant pond.
And that stagnant pond happens.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>BIGELSEN: That's
the name of the game.
>>REGINA: I mean,
an acupuncturist
would say the same thing.
>>BIGELSEN:
Acupuncture-- really,
we have an electrical
body that runs a physical.
Acupuncture's working with that.
But if the person really
understands the whole way
the physical body works, you've
also got to open the structure.
>>REGINA: And so now
you're talking more
about the nervous system,
then, and manipulation,
the nervous system,
the musculature.
>>BIGELSEN: It's not
just the nervous system.
No.
It's the structure of
the flow, of electricity
stops the flow of
fluids, all of that.
So if you're crunched
up like this--
>>REGINA: All those meridians.
>>BIGELSEN: --you're
tightened up like this,
you're now stopping some of the
flows that are going through.
So your emotions
can really dictate
a lot what's going on by
where you hold the tensions.
That will start to cut
the circulation down,
and then disease, da da
da, will start to appear.
Because you've got
that circulation down.
>>REGINA: So now, let's move on
from there and talk about this.
I want to ask you one
more question about it,
because I find it fascinating.
I recently interviewed someone
named Gerald Cohen, who's
a chiropractor doctor,
but many other modalities.
Like you, spent
a lifetime at it.
There's a new little
device that you
can attach to the
side of the nose.
And essentially, it oxygenates
the blood supply in the body.
It took 14 years for
this Chinese man, Lim Lu,
to reverse engineer it.
But it goes in and oxygenates
the blood, the bloodstream.
So what is this going to do?
In your mind, that would be--
>>BIGELSEN: That's a
cancer preventative.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BIGELSEN: Now,
our subconscious,
our emotion can overcome
that, try to fight that.
But if someone's doing that, and
you're being super oxygenated,
the mold can't grow.
It's just that simple.
We live on oxygen.
We can fast for days.
You can't stop breathing.
>>REGINA: No.
And we're on, I think,
according to the World Health
Organization, an
oxygen-deprived planet now.
We're not getting proper
oxygen supplies anymore.
>>BIGELSEN: Humans
are the only ones
that sort of destroy the planet.
We're the only creatures on the
planet that really almost rape
it or take things from it.
You never see a fat deer.
>>REGINA: But
interestingly, we also look
at the disappearance
of other species.
If our species is being impacted
by low levels of oxygen,
certainly it's impacting
other species as well.
But if we're going to look
at, from a technological point
of view, it sounds like we have
very inexpensive technology
coming up that'll allow us
to re-oxygenate the blood.
Which I thought sounded
just very exciting.
>>BIGELSEN: To me,
life is simple.
They make it very, very complex.
If you think you'd
be good oxygenated,
they can implant cancer on you
and it's not going to grow.
That's as simple as that.
If your cells are
getting the oxygen,
they are happy as clams.
If you think about it, it's
the most important thing
there is, is just
the way we breathe.
I work on patients
a lot and teach them
how yoga methods of
pranayama, teach them
how to breathe with their belly
so they get a full breath all
the way down into the body.
Very, very different.
>>REGINA: It is very different.
And that's very
helpful for opening up
a lot of those
meridians and such,
and the various
diaphragms, of which you
say there are actually five
diaphragms on the body.
But we're still breathing an
oxygen-depleted air supply.
That's what's interesting.
>>BIGELSEN: If you
go back, Edgar Cayce,
America's most
prolific psychic, said
humans have been on
the planet eight times.
And it takes us a while, maybe
10,000 years, 20,000 years,
to destroy the planet
and destroy ourselves.
And it takes another
billion years
for the planet to
regrow people again.
Humans are the furthest
away from God and nature
and missing the whole ball game.
>>REGINA: No, you're
absolutely right on that.
I want to continue down
this one other path
because I haven't
interviewed him yet.
He's in Italy, and
we didn't connect
when I was there recently.
Dr. Simoncini, Tullio Simoncini.
>>BIGELSEN: Oh, yes.
>>REGINA: He is
eradicating breast tumors
by injecting them
with sodium bicar--
a form of sodium bicarbonate,
which is baking soda.
Now, how could that be?
>>BIGELSEN: It's
controlling the pH.
Cancer grows when the
cells are too acid,
and they dump alkaline waste,
and it's poor oxygenation.
What he's doing, sodium bicarb,
he's stabilizing the pH.
It's a real key.
We do that if someone
comes into the office
and they have a cancer
case we're working with,
we will do sodium bicarb
or hydrochloric acid.
We'll measure
their pHs, and then
use those two things in the
IVs to balance their pHs.
If they're too acid or too
alkaline, whatever it is.
Those are the ingredients
we basically use.
If we can keep
those pHs balanced.
If I can have a cancer patient
that was 24 hours on an IV,
and keep them balanced,
the cancer could not grow.
And then if I've put them
in a hyperbaric chamber--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>BIGELSEN: --forcing the
oxygen into their body.
Hyperbaric chambers are
very, very anti-cancer.
We have them in our
office, and the patients
come in and just lie in them.
>>REGINA: And it really works.
>>BIGELSEN: It slows
the cancer down.
The cancer can't live in oxygen.
Oxygen will kill cancer.
Just that simple.
>>REGINA: It's amazing.
>>BIGELSEN: I know.
And we make
everything so complex.
That's the thing.
I think the complexity
is intentional.
It's plain intentional, to keep
the average person not knowing
what the story is about.
They use four-syllable words
and they use those things
intentionally so you don't
know what's going on.
That I'm special,
because I'm a doctor,
and you really
don't know anything.
>>REGINA: Right.
Now let's, for a moment,
talk about something.
Which is, if you go
to a medical doctor--
and this is a very
difficult situation.
So a person goes through, they
go through all their exams,
sure enough they find
something in there.
Maybe a little something.
Maybe they even find that
it's become cancerous.
Now you're in the system.
Now you're probably going to
have chemoradiation or surgery
thrown at it, all of which are
extremely damaging to the body.
Now, people won't go
outside the system
because you have to pay extra
to go outside the system
to save your own life.
But what happens when
you start down that road?
>>BIGELSEN: Well, first of
all, I tell my patients,
don't go to the doctor.
Number one, look at
a medical doctor.
Can anyone name
one chronic disease
that medical doctors have
found a cure for in 100 years?
No.
They haven't cured one disease
in 100 years, chronic disease.
Well, what makes you an expert
if you're a 100-year failure?
They found one cause of a
chronic disease-- smoking
causes cancer.
And I'm not sure they found it.
It was tossed upon them,
>>REGINA: But they don't
even have a choice.
With the AMA regulations
what they are,
what choice does
the doctor have.
Now you're in the system.
It's being covered by your
insurance through your work.
They found something
because you went and you
had your scans and whatnot,
or colonoscopy or whatever,
and they've now found something.
And so what choice does your
doctor in that system have?
>>BIGELSEN: The
doctor has no choice.
They must go by the system.
I once got charges
brought against me
that I cured a person
with an illegal means.
I had a severe case
of what's called
optic neuritis
that came in to me.
And I've done multiple
different types of therapies,
and there's a therapy
called neural therapy.
I actually injected
the nerve area
and I fixed up the optic
neuritis in 24 hours.
Well, that patient
was so excited,
he wrote a note to
several doctors.
>>REGINA: Uh-oh.
>>BIGELSEN: Well, just
to tell 'em what went on.
The doctors complained about
me and they brought charges
against me that I cured
a person illegally.
And the head of the
board said, "We do not
care if your patients are
getting better or worse.
We only care if you're
doing the work in our way,
scientifically."
I mean, die in our
hands, but don't you
dare get better in
a way we don't know.
Everything's got to be done
by the system, controlled
by the system.
And they oversee it by
the insurance companies.
The box you check
off, they oversee it.
It's as basic as that.
I once had a random
Medicare-- "random."
One of three presented
physicians are picked our
every year for a
random Medicare audit.
They randomly picked out 28
cases out of my 3,000 files.
Those 28 cases only
involved something
called chelation therapy.
Something that I've
personally never done,
because I've not been into that.
But I know other
people have done it.
And I had a guy
that worked with me
in my office of three
months that did it.
Those were his 28 cases.
The random audit picked out
the only 28 cases of them
out of 3,000 files.
>>REGINA: That's not random.
>>BIGELSEN: No.
They chose it as an illegal spy.
>>REGINA: But you
had already started
making waves by this point.
>>BIGELSEN: Well, that's
why they went after me.
The reason they picked it
out on me is I was a rebel.
You called me a renegade,
which I liked that.
When I was in Arizona,
the medical board
was coming after me.
But there were people,
some laypeople,
trying to get a homeopathic
establishment licensing going.
And I went up to the governor,
Governor Babbitt at the time,
and I said, these are laypeople.
Why don't we make the law
a medical law that you
have to be an MD or an
osteopathic physician
to be able to go on to
this alternative law?
>>REGINA: So you
tried to incorporate
these "alternative"
therapies that
had been around far longer than
allopathic medicine into law.
And so they say no good
deed goes unpunished.
And so that is how you
ended up outside the system.
There was, essentially,
a bit of a witch hunt.
And you were audited.
Didn't have any
patient complaints.
But they found a way
to shut you down.
So you had to go south
of the border, where
you could practice all of this.
And I'm just doing that in a
nutshell so you don't have to.
So that allowed you to be
free of these constrictions
of the AMA, however, and really
start doing some amazing case
studies in healing.
>>BIGELSEN: It was the
back door to heaven.
>>REGINA: It was a
blessing in disguise.
>>BIGELSEN: There
I was, basically
I had to leave the United States
because the United States,
they didn't want me.
The states didn't
want me anymore
because I was such a rebel.
And I go to Mexico.
And Baja is a free trade
zone, which is fascinating.
You can order anything
from around the world.
It's a total free trade zone.
Then what I had-- and it's
strange to say-- but truly,
I had a guinea pig population.
Anyone that's failed
in the United States
came down to Mexico.
>>REGINA: And they still do.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes,
and they still do.
And so you had a population
of people that were lost,
basically.
Given up by the system.
I then had supplies from
any place in the world.
So I can now start to
try different things
with all of these people.
And basically, it was like
a human guinea pig system,
because you couldn't
harm them any more.
They're already dying.
>>REGINA: They're
already ravaged.
Most of them had
been through whatever
the available therapies of--
>>BIGELSEN: They've
been through everything.
>>REGINA: --allopathic
medicine were.
>>BIGELSEN: No one goes
to Mexico for medicine
unless it's a last resort.
So the last resort.
But then I had a population
that I can try things with.
And that was
fascinating over there.
We started to-- it took
awhile, but step by step,
the more I got to it.
And the blood would tell me.
You can see in a cancer
patient, the blood will die.
Take a drop of blood, it'll
die within a half hour,
an hour, right in
front of your eyes.
You can meet a five-year-old
kid that's healthy,
his blood will live on a slide
three or four, five days.
And the faster the blood
dies, the faster you die.
It's as basic as that.
So I had this population
that everyone gave up on.
And the buck stops with me.
So I can start to
figure out things.
And the amount of learning that
went on in those seven years
that I was in Mexico was
absolutely incredible.
>>REGINA: Were you able to
help a lot of those people?
>>BIGELSEN: Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
The more I got into it, the
more we can help people.
We definitely had what I
call a cure rate with cancer.
Something that American
medicine doesn't--
>>REGINA: You can't
say that in America.
You can't say
anything about a cure.
Except, as you say, at
the end of a sentence.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes.
Searching for a cure.
>>REGINA: A cure.
Right.
>>BIGELSEN: Since they've
never cured anything,
you can't say that.
But we had a cure rate.
And I went into
medicine to help people.
And medicine-- I was so suicidal
in medicine after a few years,
because patients
never got better.
No.
Now I had a whole
area, and I could
work to figure out how to get
people better and stronger.
And I started to put together
different philosophies
from around the world.
It was so exciting,
to work so free.
>>REGINA: And to see people
actually recover themselves.
People who had been given up on.
>>BIGELSEN: Totally.
Totally.
From cancer cases
to autistic cases
to all different types of
cases everyone has given up on.
And basically, you
have to figure out
why is this body, this great
machine, not working correctly?
And there are several
ways to look at it.
I would look at it, what's
wrong with this machine?
And why do you only work on
four cylinders or five cylinders
over there?
And step by step.
It was a process.
One of the problems
that I had is
that I did a lot of blood work.
And the teachers that
taught me that passed away.
So the buck stopped with me.
>>REGINA: Right.
Because there weren't many
people doing this at the time.
>>BIGELSEN: No.
>>REGINA: So what
were you learning?
Incrementally, what were you
learning, then, from the blood
and applying as you became
aware of the other therapies
available around the world?
>>BIGELSEN: First of all,
I started seeing things
in the blood that
there's no name for.
There are several
things, when you
look at the blood,
absolutely no name for.
The things that are
swimming around.
And these huge
crystals in the blood.
Only one red cell goes
through a capillary at a time.
And if you look at
my book, we have
pictures of these crystals.
These crystals are huge.
How did they get there?
And they tell you pictures.
I have pictures, one of
which one of my books has,
of a perfect broken leg.
And you match it up with
a Grey's Anatomy textbook,
and you see a perfect,
perfect broken leg.
And that picture
was taken two weeks
before the patient
broke her leg.
>>REGINA: That was
the femur bone, right?
I remember you talking
about this story once.
That is so fascinating.
So essentially, this
hologram in the blood
was something that her being
was anticipating on some level.
Was conjuring,
anticipating, was going
to be moving into
this experience.
And it was showing
itself holographically
crystallized in the blood.
Now, that's just
an amazing story.
>>BIGELSEN: The story
was, she was 80 years old,
and she wanted her kids
to take care of her,
and they weren't interested.
So I was talking to
her on the phone.
Well, the only way
they'll take care of her
is if something happens to her.
So she was thinking about that.
And it was very,
very interesting.
She sent me a slide
right then and there,
and there was that perfect
picture of that broken leg.
And two days later,
what happens,
I get a call from her son.
Guess what happened
to my mother?
She walked out of the house
and slipped on the ice.
But she ended up
breaking her arm.
And the difference is,
an 80-year-old person who
breaks their leg, they're
never getting out of bed,
and they're really
going downhill.
So subconsciously, she morphed
it into breaking her arm,
and then got what she wanted.
>>REGINA: And that's what
she wanted emotionally, was
the support from her family.
And she needed to have a
broken wing, so to speak.
>>BIGELSEN: That's right.
So they can help her.
That was the only way
they would take her in
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about a few other cases
like that that
you've seen, where
you were seeing a crystallized
pattern in the blood that
was a direct
representation of what
was wrong with that person.
>>BIGELSEN: Well, we
have pictures in my book.
And one of the pictures that
I have in this book over here.
>>REGINA: "Holographic Blood."
>>BIGELSEN: "The
Holographic Blood."
There's a picture,
and this is a picture
of a torn organ, a torn spleen.
And this was a person that
was in a skiing accident,
tore her spleen.
>>REGINA: Oh, Interesting.
>>BIGELSEN: And there
it is, the spleen,
blood leaking right out of it.
One of the most interesting
cases I like-- I deal with,
my cases are so tough.
But sometimes I
have a lot of fun.
One of the things I
was having a lot of fun
with is I had a pregnant woman.
And there were pictures
of the baby in the blood.
That was so awesome,
to see the pictures
of the baby in the blood.
And my book will show it.
I have a picture of
a-- in the blood,
a picture of a six-week fetus.
We did a sonogram
on the same day,
and it's almost the exact same
picture as in the sonogram.
Then we did the blood
again at three months.
>>REGINA: It had progressed the
same, the crystalline structure
in the blood, the holographic
crystalline structure.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes.
It progressed all the
way, until at six months,
you actually saw a picture.
And you can see, there was
a penis and it was a boy.
And right in the blood,
you can see the whole thing
in the blood.
My books have pictures of it.
And those pictures, they
were taken years ago,
and they still give me chills.
>>REGINA: Now, this
takes-- this takes us
deeper into a much larger
matrix of some kind.
Now we have to be talking about
some kind of participation
and imprint from what we
can loosely call the spirit,
or what others
will call the soul.
Something is imprinting
itself on our blood.
And now, this is--
I don't know if it's
anything you've looked
into a great deal,
but historically, how
was the blood perceived?
>>BIGELSEN: I'm not
sure what you mean.
>>REGINA: In the time of
Hippocrates and others,
how was the blood perceived?
Even in Egyptian times?
This was sacred.
>>BIGELSEN: It was sacred.
The blood has been sacred in
religions and stuff like that.
I'm Jewish.
It's totally sacred.
You cannot do things
with the blood.
The blood, going back, all
the way back, the spirit
is in the blood.
The life is in the blood.
Everything is in the blood.
It'll tell you the story of it.
And religions have had that.
Societies have had
that philosophy,
that the blood is a whole--
the soul is in the blood.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so what you're saying,
what you just said,
the soul is in the blood.
They're seeing images of what
your soul is creating for you.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes.
You see it in there.
And the patient may not even
know. it, that subconsciously,
their thoughts are in there.
And the blood will tell
you every little thing
that's going through you.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, Edgar Cayce, going back to,
since you mentioned him before.
Edgar Cayce said the
same thing, essentially.
>>BIGELSEN: "The
phycisian of the future,
from one drop of
blood, will diagnose
the condition of the
entire physical body."
That was his prediction
in the mid-1930s..
>>REGINA: And here we are today.
>>BIGELSEN: And we
are doing it today.
>>REGINA: The technology
really-- well, the technology
was there.
Rife had developed his
superscope by then.
It was there.
They were able to see it.
Remember the famous picture?
The end of cancer.
>>BIGELSEN: The
technology is there.
You don't need
anything really fancy.
What Muschlein is
doing with the Ergonom,
and Rife had his
special technology.
Get yourself a
decent microscope,
and it's so obvious,
it's just right there.
You don't even need--
you need what's
called a dark field condenser.
But that'll show you.
And you can have a
cheap microscope.
It's so obvious in there.
What amazes me is that
no American laboratories
or doctors have looked
at the live blood.
>>REGINA: I know.
They don't.
>>BIGELSEN: Totally amazes me.
I once had the Chief of
Hematology of Boston Medical
School.
Now Boston, the academic
mecca of the universe.
He was the Chief of Hematology.
He was outside my
door, and he wouldn't
come in and look
at the live blood.
He said, why would anyone
look at the live blood?
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
So there you go.
So fortunately, there are some
people doing it very seriously.
Another man I
interviewed, he was
a student of yours, Dan Dunphy.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes, he was.
>>REGINA: And he does a
really deep, beautiful job
of looking at it from all
levels, just like you do.
And the emotions
which impact, as you
say, our acid-alkaline
balance start
showing up immediately
in the blood,
as soon as you go
off emotionally.
>>BIGELSEN: As soon as the
thought hits your mind--
>>REGINA: Your blood changes.
>>BIGELSEN:
Instantaneous change.
>>REGINA: And you go to acid.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes.
What happens is, as you get
stressed, the cells become acid
and they dump alkaline waste.
So the blood pH
starts to go higher.
And caner, that's what
goes on in cancer.
When we are in a meditative
state, the bloods are alkaline,
it dumps acid waste,
and the pHs come
down to where they should be,
and that keeps us in health.
>>REGINA: That's
total validation
for having some kind of
quieting practice, right?
Even if it's a nice little
walk in the woods or something.
>>BIGELSEN: I've actually
taken people's blood
before, then had
them go into the room
and meditate, and
take it afterwards,
and you'll see
differences in the way
that blood has calmed down.
That fast.
>>REGINA: Now, something
else I remember
is that you say are
blood platelets.
You're watching
blood moving, you're
looking at dirty, sticky blood
that's barely even moving.
Everything's stuck together.
And then you do some
of the type of remedies
you do, or people
go in and find a way
to calm themselves or whatnot,
and shake that blood loose
so the cells are
operating independently,
and they're flowing again.
We have lovely images
of all of that.
So let's talk about the
activity of platelets
and what they are, because
this was shocking to me.
>>BIGELSEN: Well, platelets,
first of all are a plant.
There's no animal DNA.
>>REGINA: That's
what's shocking.
There's no animal
DNA in our platelets.
We have our own
garden within us.
We have our own garden that
we need to take care of.
There's no animal DNA in it.
When I learned that one,
that totally excited me,
put me onto a new level again.
>>REGINA: OK, so now, what
are the implications of that
when you're looking at blood?
>>BIGELSEN: Well, one
of the things I look at,
I can tell the chronicity,
how chronic the disease is,
by just looking
at the platelets.
As we get acutely
ill, the platelets
become larger and more numerous.
As we get chronically
ill, they become
smaller and less and less there.
Just by observing
the size of them.
I go right into the blood.
When I look at the blood
under the microscope,
I find a central
portion of blood,
I find some
platelets right away.
And just by this size of them,
I can tell how ill you are.
And looking at nothing
else, I can tell.
Then there are aspects
in the platelets--
let's assume you had
a gallbladder problem.
There'll actually
be giant platelets.
All of a sudden
giant ones, and it
can almost sometimes be in
the shape of the gallbladder
and everything, saying
that the body is really
working on that aspect.
The more giant the platelet is,
the more acute the problem is.
The smaller the platelet, the
more chronic the problem is.
It tells you how long
you've had the disease.
And then I use
different remedies
to match the platelets to
start to get you better
and get you stronger.
>>REGINA: Put them
into a normal range.
>>BIGELSEN: Put them
back into normal range.
>>REGINA: How is it
possible that our platelets
are plant-based?
>>BIGELSEN: That
still amazes me.
Again, I think that's the
great aspect of the creation.
I just wonder we have
living things in us.
I just sometimes
wonder that, if you
went with great
microscopes, you'd
see whole worlds in
those living things.
There's so many things--
we don't know anything.
One of my problems is
there's so few people that
do what I do that I don't have
anyone to talk to about this.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
And you know Bruce Lipton.
You probably know him.
And that's what he says.
You are a community of cells.
And the degree of
your health has
to do with how well your cells
communicate, get along with one
another.
You, as the captain of the
ship, what kind of input
an information, whether
they're calm or agitated.
That you're the captain of this
community of billions of cells.
>>BIGELSEN: It's all one unit.
If I step on your foot, your
shoulder knows you're in pain.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Exactly.
OK, now we need to
get to Lyme disease.
This is a really big one.
You've been working
on this a long time.
And this is a theory
that you likely
have not heard before
unless you've heard Harvey,
because it's approaching it
from a completely different
position.
>>BIGELSEN: Lyme disease
to me-- number one,
it's a tremendous epidemic
that's growing massively.
It's blamed on the
bite of a tick.
At least 70% of
my patients never
even saw a tick that
had Lyme disease.
>>REGINA: And you
have quite a few,
because they know of this now.
>>BIGELSEN: I'll have a
book out by the springtime
on Lyme disease.
I love treating Lyme
disease because it
tells the truth of
what's going on.
It really explains the
concept of the germ changing
and it's not a germ
if you really know it.
What I have found
in Lyme disease,
80% of Lyme disease patients
have had some type of surgery
within a year of the
diagnosis of Lyme disease.
Now, what is surgery?
Surgery is actually a
legal attack with a knife.
If I cut your gallbladder
out behind 7/11,
you knew you had a problem.
But you think because the doctor
did it you're fine and healthy
and you're going to
live happily ever after.
No.
The body was stabbed.
The cells were not asleep.
They have felt that stab wound.
That has changed.
And the scars that that
stab wound has pulled in
has pulled in different parts of
the body, so things can't flow.
They've now created
an obstructive wall.
You mentioned earlier we have
five diaphragms in the body.
We have a diaphragm in
our pelvis, which is just
constantly moving, about
8 to 10 times a minute.
We have the diaphragm
that we know of.
Our Adam's apple works
like a diaphragm.
And we have two
diaphragms in the brain,
called the super and
inferi tentorium.
The whole body's expanding
and contracting and pumping.
If everything is doing evenly,
you're in perfect health
and as good as the Messiah.
Essentially, no one's
really in perfect health.
Always we have little stresses.
If you're upset and
worried about something,
you may tighten up.
That will start to affect
the diaphragm, just
by your own stresses.
So the stresses
will tighten us up.
That's why I say in meditative
state, we're much more relaxed.
As we relax ourselves,
now the blood circulation,
everything can go
through those areas.
So disease cannot exist where
there are no obstructions.
And the biggest
cause of obstructions
are your own
emotions and surgery.
>>REGINA: So you
have a scar now?
>>BIGELSEN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And what
is exactly happening
in the scar that would
make the link between that
and the Lyme disease then?
>>BIGELSEN: Well, the
scar, what it's doing,
it's blocking the body from
functioning completely.
I liken the body to
an eight-cylinder car
built by God.
Every Lyme disease case is
working on four cylinders.
Well, they've thrown a
couple cylinders away.
They've done something to it so
all the other cylinders are not
getting enough of
the circulation too,
so they're not working as well.
Lyme disease, most people
are working on four or five
cylinders.
I've got to figure out, why are
they working on four or five
cylinders?
The germ is just growing
in the weakened patient.
That's the key.
They blame it on the germ, going
back to Pasteur, going back
to the pharmaceutical
industry and Rockwell,
they blame it on the
germ and the tick.
No.
>>REGINA: But you're saying
most of the people that
have Lyme disease have
never been out in the woods
nor encountered a tick
to their knowledge.
>>BIGELSEN: Correct.
Correct.
They were told.
And basically, what goes
on with doctors now,
autoimmune diseases.
That means you're
allergic to yourself.
Basically, if the doctor
can't figure it out,
something must have done it
to you that we don't know,
something invisible invaded you.
>>REGINA: Well, this is big.
A lot, a lot of people.
And I've watched people go
through the various therapies
for Lyme disease and
watched them practically
die as a result of the
therapies themselves.
So now you're saying
80% of these people
have had surgery within a year.
And now you're saying
this is an epidemic.
But what's also interesting
is, alongside the rise in Lyme
disease is a rise in
elective surgeries.
>>BIGELSEN: That's the epidemic.
It's that simple.
The more people that are cut
with a knife, the more Lyme
disease we're going to have.
And we do have an
epidemic of surgeons.
We do have an epidemic of
surgery without question.
So it's not the tick
that's causing it.
>>REGINA: You say you have
two diaphragms in your head.
Now, the fastest growing
area of surgery right now,
emerging new surgeons,
is plastic surgery,
cosmetic surgery.
And if you have two
diaphragms in your head, what
does that mean for people?
Have you had to deal with this?
>>BIGELSEN: Probably,
they have a fair chance
of ending up with
Alzheimer's, actually.
The whole skull--
there's 22 bone
in a skull that are interlocked.
They're not fused.
There's hinges in there.
And the tailbone actually
moves 8 to 10 times a minute
and pumps the cerebral spinal
fluid up into the skull.
And as the fluid gets up in
there to nourish the brain,
the skull expands.
Pressure becomes too
great and it contracts.
We've got a whole
hydraulic pumping
system that's
nourishing the brain.
Now, if you take it and
do a plastic surgery,
you're taking the
skin, tying down,
and you're locking that down.
So you're locking
the pumps down.
You're not getting
this stuff through.
Now the whole head is
locked into a position.
Not enough fluid
getting through.
That brain will
start to deteriorate.
>>REGINA: Seriously,
there is this link?
>>BIGELSEN: There
is totally a link.
I look into the histories.
Even my secretary can
look at the history
and say, oh, that
started the disease.
That's what happened.
It's very obvious.
The patient comes
in, Lyme disease.
There it is.
Right in the history.
>>REGINA: Amazing.
>>BIGELSEN: There's
no link on it.
They blame everything that they
don't know on something else.
They don't know anything.
>>REGINA: Right.
Well, yeah, because
they're not looking
in the same places
you're looking.
So now once you've
determined that a person has
these blockages due
to surgeries and such,
what can be done about it?
>>BIGELSEN: Well, what I do
is try to get the body back
into its best working shape.
There's ways to treat the
scars, to loosen them up.
And that's called neural
therapy or scar therapy.
A lot of it comes from
Europe, and I do that a lot.
I tell people, you want
a really good physician?
They've got drool coming out
of their mouth and a knife
in their other hand.
They can't wait to do something
to you, do a procedure to you,
to help you do something.
>>REGINA: Right.
And I know one fellow I used
to go to was in Arizona.
And he used
different modalities.
He was a chiropractor doctor.
But one thing he used also was
vibrations of a SCENAR device,
using frequencies over
scars to start loosening up.
What's that about?
>>BIGELSEN: Well, first
of all, the chiropractor
can't inject it.
I can use things to inject
the scar to loosen it up.
But the chiropractor
can't get it.
But he's a very
bright chiropractor.
He knows that scar is what's
called an interference
field or a disturbance field.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And he always works
on that on people,
their scars with
the SCENAR device.
Which is skalar wave
technology, isn't it?
>>BIGELSEN: Yes, it is.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
>>BIGELSEN: And
anything you can do
to loosen up that scar
is very important.
I'll give people an exercise try
to stretch out multiple ways.
But classic neural
therapy, scar therapy.
>>REGINA: Which is the
little mini-injections?
>>BIGELSEN: They're
mini-injections using procaine.
Which actually, procaine is
different than xylocaine,
lidocaine, novocaine.
Procaine breaks down
into two B vitamins.
There's nothing
negative about it.
And I use that to start
to soften the scar up.
Now, once I start to
soften the scar up--
I said there's five
diaphragms in the body.
They're trying to pump.
I can work on the body
physically to stretch it open
and get those diaphragms
pumping again.
So a Lyme patient
comes in, they're
working on four cylinders.
They leave working on six
cylinders or seven cylinders.
And all the sudden,
they're feeling different
because we've broken the
blocks, eliminated that.
Organs are getting
the circulation.
And quote, their "Lyme
disease" gets cured.
It's so much fun.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is fun.
And not just Lyme disease;
many, many, many things.
>>BIGELSEN: All
disease is related
to what's going on
with the physical body.
You look at the physical
body as just a magical thing.
Get your darn hands off of it.
>>REGINA: Right.
OK.
Let's talk about
isopathic therapies.
>>BIGELSEN: OK.
>>REGINA: Because that's
something that is not commonly
used here in the United States.
And most people have never
heard the word before.
So maybe you can
explain what it is.
Because this is a large
part of what you do.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes.
Actually, since we're
a bunch of germs,
isopathic remedies are
actually live germs.
Live bacteria, live fungus.
One of the germs
we use is actually
a live form of penicillin.
If you have a pneumonia,
it'll get rid of pneumonia
within a few hours.
And there are no
allergies to it.
You may be allergic
to the penicillin--
>>REGINA: I will say this.
I came to you one time.
Because you only live
about 45 minutes from me,
which I'm lucky.
And I came to you
one time and had
some kind of very strange
thing a couple of years ago.
I'd never had anything like it.
And you gave me some of the
natural isopathic antibiotics.
>>BIGELSEN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And that thing
was gone in six hours.
>>BIGELSEN: They work so fast.
>>REGINA: And it was deep.
I can make your red cells so
smooth and so elastic it'll
get through the
tiniest capillary.
I've broken strokes on the
spot by opening up the--
by getting these-- by using
these isopathic remedies.
>>REGINA: So what is
it about the germs?
Is there a certain
intelligence going on?
Why is it that the germs can
do these instantaneous healings
almost at times?
Not all the time, but sometimes.
>>BIGELSEN: Well, there is
an intelligence-- everything
has an intelligence-- but it's
the waste product of the germ.
That's the key.
The waste product of the germ.
The waste product of
penicillin is what you want.
that germ is the key.
The waste product of
the germ aspergillus
is a very important key to the
body eliminating its wastes.
If you want to
detox a person, you
use the aspergillus germ,
which is called Nigersan
by the isopathic company.
And it's the waste
product of that.
And it opens up all the
organs of elimination
and detoxification.
So when I want to clean a
person up, I give them that--
>>REGINA: That germ.
>>BIGELSEN: That germ.
>>REGINA: It sounds
creepy at first to people.
It's like, oh, I'm eating germs.
But it's in a capsule form.
Or it's in the
little injectables.
It's not a big deal really.
It's not gross or anything.
>>BIGELSEN: The concept
that the creator
made these tiny, invisible
little things to beat you up
is a ridiculous concept.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about why-- Now, these
are mostly produced in Germany?
>>BIGELSEN: Mostly
produced in Germany, yes.
>>REGINA: And why is this
something that hasn't really
caught on if it's
that effective?
Even in the United States,
there are people out there
who are trying to
make a difference.
Why has that not caught on?
>>BIGELSEN: Several-- it's
political, a lot of it.
A lot of it's brainwashing
by the system,
by the pharmaceutical system.
Look at most commercials
on prime time TV
are pharmaceutical commercials
>>REGINA: That's true.
>>BIGELSEN: It's a brainwashing.
>>REGINA: And also because
you went through what you went
through, and it freed
you up from the system,
you can bring these things
in where an M.D. can't.
>>BIGELSEN: I'm
out of the system
now, because the system will
only deal a certain way.
And you're not allowed to
step out of the system.
>>REGINA: So you're
out of the system,
so you can bring the isopathic
remedies and some other things
in as well that most people
don't have access to.
But why can't a naturopath
bring in these things?
>>BIGELSEN: They can do that.
The problem is to learn these.
You can't learn them easy
in the United States.
There's no place to really
teach them in the United States.
>>REGINA: So where do people go
if they want to learn about it?
What if someone's
watching right now that
wants to extend their practice?
>>BIGELSEN: We're going to be
teaching that more and more.
I learned it by apprenticeship
by German physicians.
German naturopathic
physicians taught me.
You have to learn this
by apprenticeship.
This is not--
>>REGINA: And it's
not an online course.
>>BIGELSEN: You can't
do it on the weekends.
Lyme disease, you're not
going to fix in a weekend.
It took the person
a while to get it.
Cancer took a while to get it.
You're going to have
to slowly-- you're
going to have to
change that around.
It's going to take
you a while to fix it.
But we can change
using the remedies.
I can reverse a year of
disease in one month.
So I can reverse the process,
if you really understand.
What I do with the germs is I
don't go after your disease.
I make you stronger.
>>REGINA: You're going
to clean up the blood
and make the blood
flow proper again.
>>BIGELSEN: And make your body--
>>REGINA: Strong, healthy cells.
>>BIGELSEN: --as
strong as possible.
Bring you up to six
cylinders, seven cylinders.
And you're perking along.
That's what I do,
and I do it by--
>>REGINA: But again,
it's not a magic bullet.
You're not going to come in--
sometimes people do come in
and some amazing
things have happened,
like that time with me.
It does happen
quickly sometimes.
But a lot of times, a person
has to invest in themselves
in terms of taking time to allow
these things to take effect.
And do you see a breakdown
in that, where people just
don't want to take the time?
>>BIGELSEN: Right
at the beginning,
I give them that it's a process.
Like I was starting to say
before, one month of treatment
will reverse a
year of a process.
So if 10 years ago,
something happened to you,
you had surgery.
And you've never been the same.
Now you're working only
at 80% efficiency instead
of 100% efficiency,
it'll take me 10 months
to completely reverse that.
But you'll start noticing it
right away, the difference now.
But it takes about
a month of therapy
to reverse a year
of the process.
And I'll do that by
releasing the scars,
getting the body back into the
position it's supposed to be.
I'm doing nothing
fancy or different.
I'm just trying to get this
car that's created by God,
unbend its fenders,
straighten its wheels out.
And that's what it is.
And then the car is going
to get you better mileage.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
We only have a
minute or so left.
Is there anything
else you'd like
to add to the conversation
we haven't already discussed?
And I know that you're at a
point in your career where
you're reaching out to
other practitioners to say,
let's share information.
If you want to know more
about dark field microscopy,
you're happy to help and
become a mentor to others.
I know that.
So just a few seconds.
>>BIGELSEN: What we need to
have is a network of people.
I really want a network.
I'll be setting up a teaching
program with microscopes.
So I want people
with microscopes
all around the country
and all around the world.
So someone in Germany
has got a microscope,
is looking at
hepatitis C blood, I
want to know what
they're seeing.
>>REGINA: So you're
looking to connect.
So if there's anyone
out there that
knows how to set up
this kind of network,
Harvey's looking
for you right now.
And we talk to each other.
No more competition.
This is a cooperation thing.
>>BIGELSEN: This
is a cooperation.
And if I knew all the
answers, I'd be the Messiah.
I want to find out
what other people see
and what they're thinking.
And we're thinking in the same
direction of why this is not
running a perfect situation.
>>REGINA: Don't ever
stop looking, Harvey.
Thank you so much
for joining us today.
>>BIGELSEN: You're very welcome.
It's always fun, Regina.
>>REGINA: I'm guessing you now
know more than almost anyone
else in your world about blood.
You can learn more
about blood by reading
Harvey's book,
"Holographic Blood," which
is available on Amazon.com.
You can also contact
Harvey through his website,
at DrBigelsen.com-- and
that's B-I-G-E-L-S-E-N--
to find out where a qualified
practitioner who truly
understands this
terrain work might be.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]